# Chaos Cards

## 05.11

Chaos Cards | Trello
https://trello.com/b/mQzwnEWa/chaos-cards

How to add custom actions for iOS push and local notifications
https://tanaschita.com/20220321-how-to-add-and-handle-actions-for-ios-notifications/

getNotificationCategories(completionHandler:) | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/unusernotificationcenter/1649504-getnotificationcategories

getPendingNotificationRequests(completionHandler:) | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/unusernotificationcenter/1649513-getpendingnotificationrequests

Customizing the Appearance of Notifications | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotificationsui/customizing_the_appearance_of_notifications

Unit testing Swift code that uses async/await | Swift by Sundell
https://www.swiftbysundell.com/articles/unit-testing-code-that-uses-async-await/

init(identifier:actions:intentIdentifiers:options:) | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/unnotificationcategory/2196944-init

Scheduling local notifications - a free Hacking with iOS: SwiftUI Edition tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/scheduling-local-notifications

unit test UNMutableNotificationContent - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=unit+test+UNMutableNotificationContent&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8#ip=1

How to mock UNNotificationResponse in unit tests | Swift Discovery
https://onmyway133.com/posts/how-to-mock-unnotificationresponse-in-unit-tests/

How to add bar items to a navigation view - a free SwiftUI by Example tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/swiftui/how-to-add-bar-items-to-a-navigation-view

Asking permission to use notifications | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/asking_permission_to_use_notifications

How to Get Push Notification while iOS App is in Foreground | Sarunw
https://sarunw.com/posts/notification-in-foreground/

Scheduling local notifications - a free Hacking with iOS: SwiftUI Edition tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/scheduling-local-notifications

Live Preview Window - Show/Hide? | Apple Developer Forums
https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/665338

ios - receive local notifications within own app / view (or how to register a UNUserNotificationCenterDelegate in SwiftUI ) - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/65782435/receive-local-notifications-within-own-app-view-or-how-to-register-a-unuserno

How to add an AppDelegate to a SwiftUI app - a free SwiftUI by Example tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/swiftui/how-to-add-an-appdelegate-to-a-swiftui-app

swift - How to solve this in Xcode16.2, Info.plist contained no UIScene configuration dictionary (looking for configuration named "(no name)") - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/74832242/how-to-solve-this-in-xcode16-2-info-plist-contained-no-uiscene-configuration-di

Unit testing iOS 10 notifications - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40862551/unit-testing-ios-10-notifications

init(identifier:title:options:) | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/unnotificationaction/1648195-init

Initialization | Documentation
https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/initialization/

Unique values in Swift: Removing duplicates from an array - SwiftLee
https://www.avanderlee.com/swift/unique-values-removing-duplicates-array/

Loop n times in Swift | Sarunw
https://sarunw.com/posts/swift-loop-n-times/

XCTUnwrap(_:_:file:line:) | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/3380195-xctunwrap

How to check and unwrap optionals in tests using XCTUnwrap() - free Swift 5.4 example code and tips
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/example-code/testing/how-to-check-and-unwrap-optionals-in-tests-using-xctunwrap



## 05.08

Chaos Cards | Trello
https://trello.com/b/mQzwnEWa/chaos-cards

How to add custom actions for iOS push and local notifications
https://tanaschita.com/20220321-how-to-add-and-handle-actions-for-ios-notifications/

Scheduling local notifications - a free Hacking with iOS: SwiftUI Edition tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/scheduling-local-notifications

How to add bar items to a navigation view - a free SwiftUI by Example tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/swiftui/how-to-add-bar-items-to-a-navigation-view

Asking permission to use notifications | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/asking_permission_to_use_notifications

How to Get Push Notification while iOS App is in Foreground | Sarunw
https://sarunw.com/posts/notification-in-foreground/

Scheduling local notifications - a free Hacking with iOS: SwiftUI Edition tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/scheduling-local-notifications

Live Preview Window - Show/Hide? | Apple Developer Forums
https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/665338


## Undated

How to add text input actions to iOS push and local notifications
https://tanaschita.com/20220328-how-to-add-textinput-to-ios-notifications/

How to make a SwiftUI view to fill its container width and height | Sarunw
https://sarunw.com/posts/how-to-make-swiftui-view-fill-container-width-and-height/

Creating a card view â€” iOS App Dev Tutorials | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/app-dev-training/creating-a-card-view#Check-Your-Understanding

Designing a single card view - a free Hacking with iOS: SwiftUI Edition tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/designing-a-single-card-view

Working with Identifiable items in SwiftUI - a free Hacking with iOS: SwiftUI Edition tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/working-with-identifiable-items-in-swiftui

theevo/ChaosCards
https://github.com/theevo/ChaosCards

ScrollView | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/scrollview

SwiftUI Collection View: LazyVGrid and LazyHGrid
https://www.appcoda.com/swiftui-lazyvgrid-lazyhgrid/

How to use gestures in SwiftUI - a free Hacking with iOS: SwiftUI Edition tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/books/ios-swiftui/how-to-use-gestures-in-swiftui

How to push a new view onto a NavigationStack - a free SwiftUI by Example tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/swiftui/how-to-push-a-new-view-onto-a-navigationstack

How do you customize the NavigationStack in SwiftUI in 2023? | by Mark Moeykens | Medium
https://medium.com/@mark.moeykens/how-do-i-customize-the-navigationview-in-swiftui-ef90a530e1aa

How to customize the background of NavigationStack in SwiftUI in 2023?
https://www.bigmountainstudio.com/community/public/posts/80041-how-do-i-customize-the-navigationview-in-swiftui

Displaying a detail screen with NavigationLink - a free SwiftUI by Example tutorial
https://www.hackingwithswift.com/quick-start/swiftui/displaying-a-detail-screen-with-navigationlink

TextField | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/textfield

TextField in SwiftUI | Sarunw
https://sarunw.com/posts/textfield-in-swiftui/

Form | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/form

SwiftUI Form tutorial - how to create and use Form in SwiftUI - Simple Swift Guide
https://www.simpleswiftguide.com/swiftui-form-tutorial-how-to-create-and-use-form-in-swiftui/

What Is the Planet Mercury? | NASA
https://www.nasa.gov/audience/forstudents/k-4/stories/nasa-knows/what-is-planet-mercury-k4.html

How to create multiline TextField in SwiftUI | Sarunw
https://sarunw.com/posts/swiftui-multiline-textfield/

@State + didSet Property Observer | Apple Developer Forums
https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/123357

onChange(of:perform:) | Apple Developer Documentation
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/view/onchange(of:perform:)

SwiftUI @State var initialization issue - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56691630/swiftui-state-var-initialization-issue

How to remove Back button title in SwiftUI | Sarunw
https://sarunw.com/posts/remove-back-button-title-in-swiftui/

